I have to say that this week is too much for me.
I have visited several museums, and so much information can be challenging to digest.
Since I have my last fieldwork done by watching a movie with Ms.Mason, this is the first time that I do fieldwork with my classmates.
We have a hard time getting together since some of us don't know where the Sather gate is, and a lot of funny accident happen as follow. It is a mess, haha.
The ticket can be a little expensive. It costs us 16 dollars each.
I remember that Ms.Mason once told us queer is a reclaimed word that we should be cautious when we refer to someone as a queer.
However, the exhibition titled queer California, which implies that it has something bold and advance.
And it turned out to be so,  without missing a single room including the ones with the sigh which says"explicit," it is fair enough to say that the show is very advance.
Some of the arts in the exhibition conveyed its content in an excellent interactive way. I can take a picture of myself in the shadow. I can also sit on the chair to listen to a story.
It gives me a whole new perspective to view the gender equity movement, how they feel when forced to hide in the shadow, and what their story and life.
Also, there is a lot of documentary focus on the daily life of individuals. What we see is a lot of movement fighting for civil liberties, but behind the scenes, there is nothing more than real people, adorable people.
There is also a specific area for the drag queens, which represents men in women's suits. In Japan and China, some men also like wearing women's outfit, but what they wear is custom for cosplay, which covers most of their body.
However, the men here chose to wear everything from a beautiful dress to a piece of clothing to nothing. 
Going inside, I find two rooms with explicit content focus on the sex life of lesbian and gay people. I should stay away from them. But I can't fight the temptation of exploring the forbidden.
On the left of the rooms is a game area for people to play a lesbian table game. And there is also a wall for people to bless their LGBTQ friends, Kevin write one of his gay friends' name on it.
Then we arrived at the very end of the exhibition, a wall full of significant events that happened during the rise of the LGBTQ movement.
There are Heavey Milk's assassination and the rise of homophobia when AIDS outbroke. In general, this is what history will tell us, LGBTQ people fight against people's prejudice and fight against politics.
But then I turned around, looking at myself at the reflection of the massive mirror in the shape of a vagina, I see nothing more but real people trying to live a good life and have fun regardless of the sex orientation.